=pod

=head1 NAME

Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer - Kill Bill's Browser with Google AdSense

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  PerlSetVar GoogleScriptFile /home/johndoe/public_html/firefox_ad.inc

  # files that aren't index.* are explorerdestroyer.com level 1 pages
  <FilesMatch "(?:(?!index).....|^.{0,4})\.">
    PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level1->handler
  </FilesMatch>

  # files that are index.* are explorerdestroyer.com level 2 pages
  <Files "index.*">
      PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level2->handler
  </Files>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer> provides three Apache filter modules which
help you add the three Explorer Destroyer scripts to your site. When
somebody connects to your website using Microsoft Internet Explorer,
these filters will encourage them to switch to Mozilla Firefox with Google
Toolbar.

You should have a Google AdSense account to take full advantage of
this; for each user that you convert to FireFox, Google can give you up to
$1, so you can help save the planet and make some dough at the same time!

=begin html

<div align="center">
<script type="text/javascript"><!--
google_ad_client = "pub-7961868379679320";
google_ad_width = 180;
google_ad_height = 60;
google_ad_format = "180x60_as_rimg";
google_cpa_choice = "CAAQ4fqy0gEaCPI0fZSM10VxKL3D93M";
//--></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js">
</script>
</div>

=end html

See L<http://www.explorerdestroyer.com/> and L<http://adsense.google.com/>
for more information.

=head1 HOW TO USE THIS MODULE

=over

=item Create a file on your harddrive containing your AdSense button

The google adsense website lets you pick one of several buttons to use
in the campaign. Place the button's HTML (typically two sets of
C<script> tags) in a file on your webserver's harddrive.

=item Tell C<Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer> where to find this file

In C<httpd.conf>, add:

  PerlSetVar GoogleScriptFile /path/to/your/google/ad.inc

=item Apply the filter where you want

Eg; This would add a firefox banner to the top of every .html page when
seen in M$IE:

  <Files "*.html">
    PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level1->handler
  </Files>
  
The three handlers are as follows:

=over

=item PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level1->handler

Serves the "Level 1" explorer destroyer: an advertisement running accross
the top of your page.

=item PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level2->handler

Serves the "Level 2" explorer destroyer: an advertisement that replaces
your page, with a "continue without firefox" button.

=item PerlOutputFilterHandler Apache2::ExplorerDestroyer::Level3->handler

Serves the "Level 3" explorer destroyer: an advertisement that replaces
your page, locking people out if they are using internet explorer.

=back

See L<http://www.explorerdestroyer.com/> for a more complete description
with demonstrations.

=item Congratulations

You are now helping to spread firefox!

=back

=head1 NOTE

This is a pole for perl.

=head1 AUTHOR

The Explorer Destroyer concept and JavaScript were written in 2005 by
the team at L<http://www.explorerdestroyer.com/>,
Holmes, Nick, Tiffiniy <tyc@explorerdestroyer.com>, and Nicholas.

The mod_perl2 filter component was written in 2006 by
Tyler "Crackerjack" MacDonald <japh@crackerjack.net>.

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you may redistribute it under the same terms as
perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Apache2::Filter>, L<http://www.explorerdestroyer.com/>, 
L<http://www.spreadfirefox.com/>, L<http://www.google.com/adsense>.

=cut
